added release note CTOR-2341 (#5404)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs-pp/current/integrations/plugin-packs/releases/release-notes.md

- [**Microsoft Exchange NSClient NRPE**](../procedures/applications-exchange-nrpe.md) - replace `check_centreon_nrpe3` with `check_nrpe`.
- [**Microsoft SCCM NSClient**](../procedures/applications-sccm-nsclient.md) - replace `check_centreon_nrpe3` with `check_nrpe`.
- [**Microsoft WSUS NSClient**](../procedures/applications-wsus-nsclient.md) - replace `check_centreon_nrpe3` with `check_nrpe`.
- [**Quadstor NRPE**](../procedures/applications-quadstor-nrpe.md) - replace `check_centreon_nrpe3` with `check_nrpe`.
- [**Symantec Netbackup NRPE**](../procedures/applications-netbackup-nrpe.md) - replace `check_centreon_nrpe3` with `check_nrpe`.
- [**Veeam NRPE**](../procedures/applications-veeam-nrpe.md) - replace `check_centreon_nrpe3` with `check_nrpe`.
- [**Windows NSClient 0.5 NRPE**](../procedures/operatingsystems-windows-nsclient-05-nrpe.md) - replace `check_centreon_nrpe3` with `check_nrpe`.
- [**Microsoft SQL Server**](../procedures/applications-databases-mssql.md) - Added new filtering and threshold options 

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Bug fixes" label="Bug fixes">

> - [**Commvault Commserve Rest API**](../procedures/applications-commvault-commserve-restapi.md) - Fixed issues releated with token in commands and removed undefined ARRAY value if no jobs have been sent in **jobs** mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Commvault Commserve Rest API**](../procedures/applications-commvault-commserve-restapi.md) - Fixed issues related to tokens in commands and removed undefined ARRAY value if no jobs have been sent in **jobs** mode.
```

> - [**Commvault Commserve Rest API**](../procedures/applications-commvault-commserve-restapi.md) - Fixed missing issues releated with token in commands and removed undefined ARRAY value if no jobs have been sent in **jobs** mode.

Author: ```suggestion
- [**Commvault Commserve Rest API**](../procedures/applications-commvault-commserve-restapi.md) - Fixed issues releated with token in commands and removed undefined ARRAY value if no jobs have been sent in **jobs** mode.
```

- [**Fritz!Box UPnP**](../procedures/network-fritzbox-upnp.md) - Fixed **system** mode status thresholds.
- [**HashiCorp Vault Rest API**](../procedures/applications-hashicorp-vault-restapi.md) - Fixed handling of `--insecure` option.
- [**IBM AS400 Connector**](../procedures/operatingsystems-as400-connector.md) - Fixed daemon CVEs related to Log4j.

> - [**Phoenixtec UPS SNMP**](../procedures/hardware-ups-phoenixtec-snmp.md) - Removed thresholds for not existing counters in --help section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Phoenixtec UPS SNMP**](../procedures/hardware-ups-phoenixtec-snmp.md) - Removed thresholds for non-existent counters in --help section.
```

> - [**Powerware UPS SNMP**](../procedures/hardware-ups-powerware-snmp.md) - Fixed the output when des not detect the absence of an input line in **input-lines** mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Powerware UPS SNMP**](../procedures/hardware-ups-powerware-snmp.md) - Fixed the output when the plugin does not detect the absence of an input line in **input-lines** mode.
```
